docs: Document how to configure authd for use with Keycloak (#1202)
ubuntu/authd: docs/howto/configure-authd.md

https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient
```

::::

::::{tab-item} Keycloak
:sync: keycloak

> Register a new client in Keycloak: In {menuselection}`Manage --> Clients`, click on `Create client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register a new client in Keycloak. Go to {menuselection}`Manage --> Clients` and create the client.
```

With the context provided by the accompanying figure, it's OK to assume that they can infer the interface action.

![Menu showing selection of Create client.](../assets/keycloak-create-client.png)

Configure the client as follows:

1. General settings
    * Set the client type to `OpenID Connect`.

>     * Pick a valid client ID, for example `ubuntu-authd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Pick a valid client ID, for example, `ubuntu-authd`.
```

      This corresponds to the `<CLIENT_ID>` which is used in the next section.

>     * You can also choose a name and description for the client.

Reviewer: If this is obviously optional in the Keycloak UI, we also probably don't need to say it and can instead just guide the user to the necessary actions.

Does authd use these values?

2. Capability config

>     * Optional: Enable client authentication

Reviewer: Keep it. It following the UI order is reasonable.

    * Enable the `OAuth 2.0 Device Authorization Grant` authentication flow.
3. Login settings
   * No need to change anything here.

Finally, click on `Save` to create the client.

If you enabled client authentication, find the client secret in the 
`Credentials` tab. This corresponds to the `<CLIENT_SECRET>` in the next section.

```{admonition} Set email addresses for users
:class: tip

> Make sure that all users who should be able to log in via this broker have an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that all users who should be able to log in through this broker have an 
```

Avoid Latinisms if possible. Prefer words like "through" or "with".

Author: right, I'll try to remember it this time :smile:

Reviewer: it's a pedantic point, and i'm sorry :smile: .

the reasoning is that it can be awkward for people depending on their native language and that if a simple English word is available we should use it.

it's probably caught by our style linter (vale), or should be.
